Assistant Manager
Assistant Manager - Get My Parking
Bengaluru, Karnataka
To work in an environment conducive to learning & to unleash my potential, put in full  
efforts for the development of the organization & side by side develop my speed &  
accuracy.
Work Experience
Assistant Manager
Get My Parking -  Bengaluru, Karnataka
May 2018 to Present
Role: Operation, Technical Operations  
Project Description:  
  
I involved in automation and IOT department. As a smart parking company we integrate  
our solution to manage the parking with mobile app, UHF RFID Reader, QR Reader and  
ANPR Camera.  
  
● Configuring local networks for the system with LAN wires, routers etc.  
● Setup full system like RFID and Boom Barrier on the ground.  
● Manage ground team.  
● System Installation.  
● Manual Testing (Android Application and Web)  
● API Testing [ Tool - Postman (Beginner) ]  
● R & D on hardware.  
● Work with docker (Docker compose, Container, Docker installation, Docker  
commands)  
● Quality testing of hardware and software.  
● Work on IOT.  
● Networking, Linux System and Hardware troubleshooting.  
● Work on Arduino UNO and Raspberry PI.  
  
Experience Summary:
Operation Executive
Parkwheels -  Gurgaon, Haryana
December 2016 to April 2018
Role: Operations, Technical Operations  
  
Project Description:  
I was involved in core operation department apart from my main profile i involved in automation and installation. As a smart parking company we integrate our solution to  
manage the parking with mobile app, UHF RFID Reader.  
  
● Handling multiple clients and providing them with 24*7 Support.  
● Providing on call assistance to operators using the companies parking system.  
● Keeping track of all hardware components provided by the company to the clients and components that are to be replaced, repaired etc. Thus managing the  
complete inventory of the company including keeping bills and invoices intact and maintaining records of all buy and sell through the company.  
● To oversee the proper functioning of system by training operators after the system is live and handling all their queries.  
● Configuring local networks for the system with LAN wires, routers etc.  
● Looking after all the procurement done by the company.  
● Providing technical assistance on site when something goes down in the system.  
Keeping track of all versions of the system running at multiple site installations.  
● Handling end user queries and guiding them to necessary steps required to make their experience on the system seamless.  
● Providing go ready hardware components to tech team for installations including  
setting up raspberry Pi's and configuring network routers to handle the system  
local network.  
  
Experience Summary:
Network Operations Engineer
LAVA Online ISP -  Moradabad, Uttar Pradesh
December 2015 to September 2016
Location: Moradabad, Uttar Pradesh  
Duration: Dec '2015 - Sep '2016  
Role: Technical Operations, Network Administrative  
  
Project Description:  
I involved in Networking, LAN, WAN, Routing department. As an ISP we provide  
internet over wireless devices.  
  
● Work on IP address, LAN, WAN, Configuring Router.  
● Troubleshooting  
● Site Operations
Education
B.Tech
MIT -  Moradabad, Uttar Pradesh
2015
Board / Institute
Skills
LAN (3 years), NETWORKING (2 years), SYSTEM INSTALLATION (1 year), TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE (1 year), ROUTER (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information
Key Skills:  
● Operation Management  
● Leadership  
● Problem Solving  
● Technical Support  
● Technical assistance on the ground.  
● Work on Ground  
● System Installation  
  
IT Skills:  
  
Operating System:  
Microsoft Windows 10/8/7/XP, Ubuntu 16.04, Ubuntu 18.04, U IOS  
Computer Networking:  
LAN, WAN, Switching and Router, IP Address  
Automation and IOT:  
R & D on the hardware, Sound Knowledge of shell script, Docker, Python and Core  
JAVA.  
  
Academic Project:  
Project Title: Mouse Work Replaced By Hand Using Webcam  
Language used: ASP.NET
